this weekend we really experienced a
real drama in monterrey new leon
I tell him because the musician rogelio
will contract riverside known as the
chicken was kidnapped and killed the
early Saturday morning here is dramatic
history
family and friends of the rogelio musician
contreras who was deprived of his freedom
in a bar in the center of Monterrey and
then he appeared executed they claimed that
the crime of the member of kumbia in
see rs surely was a mistake
ramón sainz representative of the
grouping assured that it does not know
Mobile of the assassination of Roger Contreras
bank
We were declaring yesterday the
today they have not spoken to us but yes
until the investigation or if there is
many tests
study sure it was wrong or wrong
understood the day of the events the
musicians made a presentation at
the bar the eternity that is located in
the reform junction and beloved nervo in the
first picture of the city we were
working was touching him of his
salaries people tell me what they come down from
but I think it's a mistake
an error because the truth did not have
judgments I did not drink I did not smoke the body
lifeless against the bank was
located a few hours after what
they deprived of freedom at the crossing of
castelar and seraphín peña in the colony
independence the chicken as well as
they knew their loved ones
21 years old and left in orphanage to
a small six years remains
mortal of the musician were veiled in
a downtown chapel of monterrey
cumbiamberos rs is a group of
Colombian tropical vallenato that
he joined four years ago and since
six months he played regularly in the
bar eternity with information from
araceli heron we go to value was infant
subscribe to our YouTube channel and
find out before anyone what they do
your favorite artists starts now
same by clicking on these videos